[android][ios][sqlite] Replaced cached statement manager with `sqlite3_next_stmt` to prevent uncaught statements from leaking. (#34992)
expo/expo: packages/expo-sqlite/CHANGELOG.md

### 🐛 Bug fixes

> - [sqlite] [ios] Replaced cached statement manager with sqlite3 solution [#34992](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/34992) by [@Bowlerr](https://github.com/Bowlerr))
> - [sqlite] [android] Replaced cached statement manager with sqlite3 solution [#34992](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/34992) by [@Bowlerr](https://github.com/Bowlerr))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced the cached statement manager with `sqlite3_next_stmt` and prevented uncaught statements from leaking. [#34992](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/34992) by [@Bowlerr](https://github.com/Bowlerr))
```
